we say that the goat fair has now become a special event
for warning first of all because because we are caught the rates so it is
the animal that symbolizes, we say metaphorically, the village of ardesio
and then also because it comes out on the floors we noticed rain these, past editions that
forever
most popular with young people from the upper Seriana valley
the fact of a hobby for work or so lost I pay to resume a small
breeding bring it forward and then let's give him a euro hand
let's say an appointment in which to deal with more seas
great of their operator even to an appointment so dedicated all
fans of the sector
how the fair will take place this year
this year or the fair will take place
let's say like all the other years we hope for good weather which is the thing
main is the date 7 February but let's say that saint like all the others
years we will have the very important competition the competition in which they will be awarded
various categories
d sheep that i'm thanks to the sonata vets who are always a lot
available to come to slate
for this event
and then we have a mucous father and it's a whole day dedicated to the lou age
peek at the world of agriculture to get an idea of ​​what it is and say
so the typical product of of of our countries to
to make tastings
to see and those who are the clothing of the sector we will have everything
let's say an industry market
many this year too
d what side events are
but let's say that this year's side events are let's just say
targeted my wind
at 2 pm we will have the final auction of the exhibition at the restaurant da giorgio
goats of tecla that has been prepared for a week s ... alone or ulead l
restaurant by giorgio
and you opened it on January 31st
it's this one
in this exhibition
emtec uses a is a help for shorter klein bangladesh and therefore here the goats
of tecla
in which with fundraising
with this road at the value of 15 euros per beat, so we say and go on 15
euro the time
er this auction is just to help Sister Tecla why
every auction
lilly value of a goat in bangladesh then at 3pm we will have a concert of
cauntri music which is the music that best fits
to this type of event
and besides having the group that plays we will also have
a group of country music dancers
and therefore it is a really so singular event and then at 5 pm we will have
the usual drawing of lottery prizes the farm lottery e
this year as first prize we will think of pete's atc good we will have the
wheelbarrow so I wait for you at Ardesio we are waiting for you we are ready to
welcome of numerous
this uses that you will come in large numbers because it has an event indeed
that permin a lot of people
and then appointment at 7 February